Step 1: Hi, thank you for helping me with Resyft so far. Here is the next course of action to take. Use context7 when reading this file as well
as implementing these next few features. ALWAYS USE CONTEXT 7 FOR EVERY TASK IN THIS FILE, DO NOT CODE RIGHT AWAY, USE CONTEXT7. I want to implement an AI agent to help summarize the paper the user inputs. There are a few challenges with this.
Firstly, a research paper is quite long, and I am unsure if the model I am using can handle that much text. If not, I need a model that can, but is also 
as strong as gemini flash 2.5. If no models can handle this, I need to find a way to store the paper's contents in the message history someway
so that the agent can access it. I need to agent to ensure accurate summarization without
hallucinating any statistics or information, which would be devastating to the marketing and user experience process. Without writing any code, please respond to this 
query. Use context7, and by the way, I am using PydanticAI for the model. After answering this question, stop, and wait for further instructions.

Step 2: Here is the next challenge. Do not write any code yet, respond using messages. Context management. I need to agent to pull real info from the paper the user inputs, not hallucinated information. Thus, I need 
the message with the research paper's contents in the message history for Pydantic AI. However, that can limit the number of messages a potential user can 
input as the agent will have to have that research paper within its context. Using context7 and your general knowledge, is there a way that I can store the content
of this research paper in the message history so that the agent can use real information, rather than hallucinating statistics by compounding context.
It is fine if the other messages the user sends is summarized and uses context management to do that, but the actual research paper, the text itself, should be stored 
in the message history. Do not write any code, give me a detailed response using context7. Do not proceed until I explicitly give you further instructions.

Step 3: I want you to start incorporating this into Reysft. Look at GPTZero's website format. It's clean, modern, sleek, and aesthetic. Don't copy GPTZero's template, 
but please aim to have the same aesthetic as that website. I want students to gravitate toward using this website, and one great way to do that is to have the 
website be more appealing. I will give you one tip. Use this navigation bar in replacement of the old one: npx shadcn@latest add navigation-menu. DO NOT ONLY 
IMPLEMENT THIS NAVIGATION BAR. Use other features to improve aesthetics as well. For example, animations from ReactBit are a great way to 
enhance a website. Research other platforms that can also be used to enhance the website, such as shadcn, and reactbits. For these,
I often need to manually input commands. Let me know if I have to do this explicitly. If shadcn and reactbits are the best options, use those, 
but if you find something that may be better, let me know, and what info I must input to get it working. This time, you can use code.
After you are completed with this step, stop. Wait until I give further instructions. Use context7 if needed.



Step 4: The next step is to get the backend actually working, it seems hardcoded right now. What I mean by this is that when someone pastes the text of a research
paper, there is no agent to actually process that info and give a result. 
Look at the file resyftagent.py. This is the type of format PydanticAI provides. Use context7 to research
further into this. Once you are done, we can start the implementation. First, use context7 and your general knowledge to get this workflow going. The agent should
have customizable dependencies for each user. Research everything using context7 if you are unsure. The agent should be the one that is providing quotes from
the research paper, as well as extracting all relevant info that the user needs. This will serve as the actual "idea" of Resyft, like a user pastes research text, 
and the Resyft agent summarizes the info and extracts all relevant info that the user needs. The dependencies at runtime should be the user/project settings. I know you
incorporated this already, the user settings includes the number of quotes that should be pulled, the settings of "statiscal", "qualitative", or "mixed", and 
other settings as well. This ensures that the agent output actually reflects the user settings. Use pydantic AI to get these dependencies at runtime, and use context7
throughout this process and refer to the pydantic ai documentation in order to not hallucinate any code. Throughout the process, or at the beginning or end, if you have
any questions regarding the implementation, let me know right away. After you are done with this step, stop, and wait for further instructions. 

