Resyft is a modern app that quickly extracts and distills essential data from research papers—like methods,
sample sizes, key statistics, and conclusions—into clear, easy-to-read summaries. 
It helps researchers and professionals get to the core insights without reading entire studies, 
saving time and improving decision-making. A user should be able to upload a link to a research paper, and Resyft will automatically
pull the necessary information based on the users needs. for example, the info can be all numerical data, important quotes, 
important details, and such. It should also be able to give a score for the reliability of the source, as well as relevance and support to the argument.


Here is how the app should flow. A new user goes to the website, they are greeted with a similar front page as GPTZero, allowing 
them to paste text and upload a prompt (which type of info they want) and basically use the website without an account.
However, with an account, you can create projects, allowing you to focus your model on pulling information that supports your research 
argument of your project, which you have typed in beforehand. In addition, you can change the behavior of your model to favor
statistical information > qualitative info or vice versa. It should be a straightfoward app that is easy to use, easy to play with,
and free for all.

Here is a list of features the website should have:

1. Users being able to create a project
2. Within the project, being able to to upload research papers/websites, as well as define their research topic/question which the model will 
take into consideration when summarizing the paper. A thesis field should be optional.
3. Once they upload a source, Resyft should show a detailed summary
4. The features or characteristics of the summary should be tweakable in the project settings. For examples, the user can decide what type of info the model should pick out.
5. For example, one "configuration" may consist of the user inputting that each paper should yield two strong quotes that support the research question, one statistic, and 
a summary that takes specific examples from the paper. This "configuration" should be tweakable in the project settings. Resyft is better than ChatGPT and 
Quillbot in this research paper summarization aspect, where in the summary, the model should also provide potential snippets of text that can be directly incorporated 
within whatever the user is writing. Researchers often need to cite other studies to better support their own claims. What this means is that:
6. Resyft should be able to take the research question/topic the user put in the project, as well as thesis (if provided), and then write out the direct text
the user should copy paste within their own research paper using the source provided. For example, the response can incorporate quotes, numbers, and whatever the user desires, 
chosen in the "configuration"
