Great, here are the next steps. You should use context7 to pull relevant documentation for the framework(s) you are using for each step. Let me know if 
I must input information manually to enhance to process, or if you have any questions at all. 

Step 1: Delete hardcoded projects. When a user logs in, they see three existing projects that were hardcoded there. Please delete all of these. Instead,
I want you to create a demo project in conjunction with a quick tour of how projects work. Please take inspiration from GitHub's tutorials, in each step, they highlight
each part and ensure that the user understands all the features. Right now, the tour is in some other page and has only a layover to click through while
users have no idea what that information even means. 

Step 2: The extraction settings. Ensure that each section "Extraction", "Quotes", "Scoring", and "Output" actually change the output classes of the model
set in Pydantic AI. These settings shouldn't be just here for visuals, they should actually be implemented in the model. Ensure that this works, and use context7
to extract relevant documentation if needed. 

Step 3: The Home page takes the user back to the main page of Resyft, before they logged in. Please fix this, the home page should take the user to an OVERVIEW
page of some kind, whatever you want to design. Please keep it consistent with Resyft's themes, and have it be minimal yet professional. Try to minimze gradient usages, as
that looks tacky.

Step 4: Answer this next step in text only, no code. When I retract and expand the sidebar, the animation for it is often very laggy. Can you tell me why? 
Is there a way to make it smoother and more modern? Let me know if any platform or framework offers this feature. Use context7 to pull relevant documentation if needed.


Step 5: Add some tabs in the navigation bar to the main page, the first page when the user enters the website. Add tabs that redirect to the sections found in the main page (by just scrolling down). For example, 
there should be a FAQ and Reviews section. Just keep it simple and minimal. Keep spacing even.

Step 6: Theres obviously some buttons on the main page that don't work, but the one that is prioritized should be the "Contact Support" button. It doesn't work for me.
It should redirect to a minimally designed support page that is modern and professional. Please create this. Keep consistent with Resyft's themes.

Step 7: Please create a back button or some way for users to redirect to their previous page. For example, a user creates a new project and is on the "Create Project" page.
They can't go back without accessing the sidebar, which is a major inconvenience. Please add some way for them to go back, but keep it minimal, clean, and non-obstructive.

Step 8: So I'm building this as a startup, and it is clearly not finished yet. I still want to show off the website with just like the main page, and let people
join the waitlist or something like that. How can I do that while still working on the code, pages, and other stuff while other people can't see my updates?
Please answer this question in text.
